Cross-platform development is the practice of developing software products or services for multiple platforms or software environments. Engineers and developers use various methods to accommodate different operating systems or environments for one application or product.




Licensing involves obtaining permission from a company (licensor) to manufacture and sell one or more of its products within a defined market area. The company that obtains these rights (the licensee) usually agrees to pay a royalty fee to the original owner.




SWOT
360vuz does not own most of its content, and this affects the company negatively. The rights taken from other studios or concerts expire after few years, and that content starts appearing on other sites.

 Customers demand customized pricing with more options. Although it is free, some exclusive contents and concerts can be unlocked if you'll pay $8.4 per month. The lack of different options has contributed to stagnation in the number of new subscriptions.

 Adding more content gives 360vuz a competitive advantage, but the cost of supporting the content keeps growing.



360 vuz can offer a lower-priced option to entice and retain subscribers in international market. 


360vuz can tap into many other countries and expand its services and subscribers. They can start to target the countries where it is currently not available. 

360vuz loses a lot of revenue because users can cancel their subscription once they have gone through all the new content, without any penalty. The company can increase its revenue by introducing an annual subscription with discounts to encourage monthly subscribers to switch to yearly plans.

360vuz is not the only one which provides digital or online streaming around the world. Its competitor keeps increasing every year. 

Strict governmental rules and regulations regarding service providers like 360vuz in many countries can be a big threat for them. 

Digital piracy is still at its peak as thousands of people around the world find ways of downloading media content because of high monthly costs which they cannot afford. It is another big threat that 360vuz faces.
